welcome back to Lady Babylon and your satanic initiation it is my privilege to have
you here with me tonight and we have an excellent show we have a guest tonight
in the form of Dr Carl Ruck who will be addressing a couple of
questions we will also have a a visit from uh a ghost of the
past and introduce you this is the first in our series on meeting P pedo
Jesus [Music]
tonight I want to start out with kind of a look on the inside I want to just briefly describe for you a situation um
imagine a couple of Scholars a couple of professors a couple of professionals um
trying to find out what's going on with uh these ancient texts and what they're
saying and what they're talking about we're trying to figure this out
um it's difficult remember we're always as satanus you're always on the edge
you're right where that ceiling is you're right at that Borderland right that right at that threshold so we want
to know about all these deep dark crevices that will allow us to throw off
this glass ceiling um imagine Daryl Bach
yes Dr Daryl Bach who's Dr darl Bach um this is Dr Daryl Bach and it's
it's uh nice to meet you throw him up there in his face needs to go there he's a premier uh expert in New
Testament um particularly the Greek um he is a master at the Greek and he is uh
the head wizard at Dallas Theological Seminary for the ancient Greek program
yeah for the New Testament Greek program I sent him an email um I was working on
a followup to the chemical Muse and I sent him an email and this is the email that I sent
him Dr Bach I'm I'll read this to you now Dr Bach I am Dr DC alen Hillman
author of the chemical Muse St Martin's press 2008 my area of expertise is
ancient medicine pharmacology and the use of pH euticals in mystery cult from the late bronz to Imperial Rome I work
with both the Greek and Latin and I'm a bit fond of the Linear B I'm writing to you to ask for your
textual Insight I'm working on a book about the use of drugs in mystery ritual
and found numerous sources that reference the use of sexual stimulants by Jesus and his Apostles the PGM and
nus in his paraphrase of John discussed the specific
drugs Galen and scribonius largus confirm their sacramental use and some
interesting data on the use of antidotes to treat any negative side effects it
turns out these drugs were popular Viper Venom based compounds used by the pagans
in their own Mystery rights what is really curious is that one specific compound which sources a
tribute to the Christians is used in sexual rights involving the ritual rape
of young boys the priest of this cult was called quote the
pedophile and followed the elosan type mystery celebrated in both Greece and
Italy based on Resurrection Jesus was of course
arrested in the company of a naked minor who possessed at the time a medicated wrap you may know already but on the
medical side of the Greek the linen wrap referenced by Mark is a drug impregnated
bandage used in religious ritual and Medicine it was a popular Avenue of
applying drugs the sources including even the Roman
juvenile connected the use of drug induced ritual with the Baptists and
their use of the wo priapo
if you have time I'd like to ask if you have noticed
Jesus ever using religious Expressions consistent with meic orphic bakic
cult AO Kar editor of the orphic fragments called the oric language the
Vox Ora it was an ancient means of conveying cult sensitive material for
example the having ears to hear is a pagan expression using the oric mystery
to delineate those who have been initiated or baptized and can therefore understand
the true content of the speaker are you aware of any work on Jesus using orphic
or meic Expressions thank you for your
time that is one that is that is one academic with
titles approaching another academic with titles saying what is going on um I
sent this message to
27 of the leading Premier Scholars um most of which were ended up
being classicists um uh with training in the language because I know that's the
evidence we're working with so if you don't do the languages you're making stuff up right that's just the that's
just the way it is um yeah so uh um I sent it out and Dr Bach very nicely sent
me a response like many people did um and it was short and to the point
can we bring up Dr Box's response almond all very strange and hardly
historical you're wasting my time and yours darl Bach now interestingly enough
you'll notice at the bottom keep it up there chewy at the bottom look at his his titles are longer than my response
was senior research Professor now darl Bach you're the senior research
Professor right of New Testament studies if anybody should know these
sources you should know these sources Dallas Theological Seminary
executive director for cultural engagement from the Hendrick Center DTS
Dallas Theological Seminary in case you didn't pick that up before um yeah uh uh
these sources I can assure you are historical they exist they're real and
that's what we're looking at so there you can see Can You Feel the ceiling of
where the mind can't go there's a limit there's a mental limit there
now that was the bad example of scholarly interaction the
good example is Dr Carl Ruck Dr Carl Ruck and I know that most of you will
know Dr Carl Ruck what do I think you should know about him besides the fact
that he's in he's a genius um who is a skilled master
at the highest level of the ancient Greek and
has has jumped into the deep deep depths of the ancient
sources and knows he's forgotten more Greek than um any seminarian in this
country has learned I can guarantee you that anyway Dr Ruck um I want to run a couple of
clips Dr Ru now what I did was I asked him the same difficult types of
questions but he has studied the ancient cult so he's not following the fairy
tale right where we we're not allowed to these are our this is our gym jungle gym
and this is where we play right everything set up nicely no he's able to
say well you know what do the sources say and where can we go um you know he he might get accused of being a Satanist
um because He follows reason um and so let's just go ahead and run under asking
some diff difficult questions Carl Rock would you would you give us some answers of uh the beauty of the world go ahead
Ron Carl what I think is most important of my about my work and what I find most
interesting is uncovering the uh the pattern of metaphors that
describe the sacred uh Sacrament and once you have uncovered
that it's really quite simple and quite obvious why these metaphors existed but
since they are metaphors they've been interpreted in entirely different way by people who are unaware of the fact that
the Ancients were into altered Consciousness by the use of of of
psychoactive Sacrament or an anthen mythology is filled with
uh Cows and Bulls um but not ordinary Cows and Bulls because they're bulls that ad duct
maidens and maidens that have a passion for Bulls uh and so it has nothing to do
with the fact that well Everyone likes to Stak dinner or they did herd
animals um we're talking about sexual encounter with Bulls which is not an
ordinary expectable experience bulls do not want to copulate with with women and women do
not want to have sex with Bulls so sex with bulls and yes
it it's not difficult then to jump to the looking at the Mysteries and
pedophilia then is it no Carl rock is is
um not afraid to discuss the background let's see another bit and and staring Us
in the face all along is the fact that um the Bine is metaphor for the mushroom
it shouldn't it shouldn't be has have been something that that we
uh didn't know for such a long time says very clearly in the mythical tradition
we have the tradition that pereus uh who uses a pruning hook which
is not a A Warrior's weapon cuts off the head
of the gorbon Medusa and he does this at the site of
minini uh and and that uh he picked for
the for the side of missini picked a mushroom so the the Gorgon head and the
mushroom room and the founding of the city are clearly defined
as occurring with the picking of a mushroom the city is supposedly called
after that uh I mean I guess I'm I'm wandering a bit when I'm almost
embarrassed to to say it where does mushroom come from uh you can trace it
back and it is an an animat poetic zoomorphism of a bellowing uh
ban it's a musroom now that that man is free to say that
today um when he first was looking at this years ago and he noticed that
discovered that the elisian Mysteries were involving
drugs um he wasn't well received um his
research was kind of uh yeah great you know it's great is you can't ignore his
genius right because it's a language it's like the it's why he can play the piano so well right it's a skill and he
does that with the Greek and so he's not afraid of talking um about bringing
these uh Concepts forward so now fast forward in the present and we have now
the Psychedelic Renaissance in which the Physicians have finally caught up and
now all of a sudden there's a a regrowth of interest um and he doesn't sound like
such a lunatic right if we had stayed where Bach was trying to put us we would
stay with that very comfortable framework of reality that is an
unreality so the job of the Satanist is to bring you that which opens your eyes
to reality um we where do we get the
connection with the pedophilia in Antiquity please Dr
R the sexual collection of seeming can only can only be accomplished by
masturbation and so it may be a
similar procedure that was used to to collect the menes which would mean that
the collection process was some kind of organ
yeah nice which is of course why mishel
includes the in this French history includes the the Satanic ritual of
collecting in a tripod the ejaculation of Satan's
bride yes yes um makes great sense um
could you tell us um if we wanted to go deep into it because Dr Rock we are
looking here for um uh uh the the boy
that was with Jesus in the public park at 400 a who was and he was naked um
we're looking for that boy we want to know what is that boy doing with Jesus
there you you wrote a lot about ejaculate and milks sacred milks and
whatnot could you just say something about the the Ancient messiness Ancient
messiness Ancient you know yeah give it a um what's that stuff
on the top of the mushroom you lick it off and it's real you know what I mean
yeah I don't know what I want to talk about these things
[Music] all right so everybody has a limit
everybody has a limit but um not me and so I want to find out I want to look at
what's going on I want to find I want to introduce you to pedo Jesus I want to
introduce you to A Jesus that you do not know but a real Jesus and the way that
we're going to start there in this series of sabbah is we are going to
bring you um Jesus's Associates who are these people that are around him the
important ones right um we're looking at a crime scene and we're trying to figure
out uh when the posi showed up and arrested him and there was the fight and
the three guys that were supposed to keep watch but were in this drug stuper kept
falling as sleep those three guys when they didn't do their job and those cops came in and caught Jesus with the naked
boy we want to know why he was there why
the boy was there and what is it in Jesus's background we want to go through all of his friends we want to know who
were his associates who were his accomplice who made this
possible um what kind of drugs are being used and in order to do that we'll start
with Mary because look we have Mary Magdalene has the drug connection if
there's any reason that naked boy is in that garden with Jesus it's because of
Mary Magdalene she is somehow facilitating this she is facilitating
this and we know that she is because she gets pardoned she gets pardoned eventually by uh uh Gregory I'll show
you him in in a minute but um here's what I want to do I want to I I want to
subject you to some images as uh I work through this very scripted approach to
Mary magdalene's dildo sex drugs priestesses and
Jesus if I were to present this at a conference that would be the title that
I used Christianity develops in the cultural million of the ancient
Mediterranean where it was directly influenced by numerous Pagan mystery religions Greco Roman priestesses
oracles and magicians helped shape the image of the early church and ultimately assisted in defining Christian social
identity the gospels report that a number of women including Mary Magdalene
assisted Jesus and his disciples with support derived from their own personal resources Mary Joanna and Suzanna must
have been fairly welltoo patrons of the Apostles the gospels report that Mary
possessed expensive drugs frequently used by ancient priestesses and at least
one valuable dildo shaped drug applicator called an
alabastron like the Magi the group of sorcerer priests who gave Jesus parents
an undetermined amount of gold along with two widely used Pharmaceuticals these women were
instrumental in funding his ministry as a miraculous healer and
Exorcist Mary's use of the drug containing alabastron has been a source
of conation for the church from its
Inception Pope Gregory the Great condemn Mary's use of sex drugs in
the process C of anointing Jesus he also attempted to identify the
naked boy as a cousin this is from homy 33 for those of
you who want to read some dirty dirty stuff Mary's us of the drug containing
Alabaster has been a source of consternation why it's due to the fact that the very same drugs were used by
women in orgiastic rights performed within mystery religions that celebrated
God's like Aphrodite whose temples promoted ritual
prostitution and bacus whose entheogenic wines were laced with vision inducing
Botanicals and animal Venoms Mary's drugs were also prescribed by midwives
and Physicians to facilitate sexual arousal and to induce abortion the use
of these drugs and their distinctive paraphernalia implicate Mary Magdalene in the performance of necromantic
rituals meant to manipulate demons and resurrect the
dead so now you see now you see kind of
a a workup of the a psychological workup of this person who is a a um
co-conspirator with Jesus okay that's what we're looking at her potentially as a co-conspirator was she involved in
this naked boy in the Garden of Gethsemane um so that's a that's a look
at her personal name what her where she is that's her profile what are we going to look at now we're going to look at a
weapon we're going to look at a weapon it's something she carries the
alabastron the canonical gospels all record the same Encounter of Jesus with
Mary Magdalene at a meal at the home of Simon of Bethany Matthew's version
succinctly states that Mary showed up with an expensive perfume carried in a
unique ointment container that was readily recognizable now when Jesus was in
Bethany at the home of Simon the leper a woman came to him with an alabaster vial
a very costly perfume and she ped on his head as he
reclined at the table as the new American stand right there in
Antiquity the alabastron was a short cylindrical Stone
container that held ointments applied to the genitals and anus it was shaped like a
Fus as you can see and was roughly the same size as an erect male sexual organ
Aristophanes famously mocked the alabastron in his Liss Estrada when one
of the characters is sexually frustrated man named kinus was offered an alabastron by his wife meini but refused
to accept it on the grounds that he didn't need it because he already had his own meaning his painfully obvious
erection in other words Aristophanes played to his audience by noting a
similarity of alabastron and an erect penis in addition kius whose name means
Banger he who bangs was offered the dildo shaped container
from his wife whose name means lubricated or juicy and her name happens to contain
the linguistic root for the type of drug contained in
the alabastron namely muron not only does mein's name refer to
a specific sex drug but she offers the very same substance to her husband and
provides the famous a dildo shaped container in which it was traditionally kept when Mary Magdalene brought the
alabastron to Jesus it was no surprise that it contained very expensive
ointment the luxurious nature of the muron it contained was attested by the
reaction of the apostles who vehemently complained that the ointment should have been sold in order to use funds to
support the poor however New Testament translators and here's the catch are
frequently tripped up when trying to translate the alabast passages quote
here they are doing their best while he was in Bethany at the home of Simon the
leper and reclining at the table there came a woman with an alabaster vial a
very costly perfume of pure nard and she broke the vial and poured it over his
head now often times the alabastron is morphed by translators into a box rather
than our dildo shaped vial and Mary is described as breaking the container in
order to open it which makes no sense Scholars fudge the translation of
the alabastron passages because the alternative to an accurate translation
is terrible what is the alternative when describing Mary's action of the alabast
on the alabastron gospel writers use a form of the verb tribo which denotes
rubbing as a means of preparing or applying a drug to either an alabastrine
or human genitalia rubbing drugs like this onto a surface in Antiquity was a
way of preparing uents for application the process would quote unquote warm the
drug and therefore ready it for use especially when applied to the the penis
where its rigorous rubbing would facilitate its aphrodesia qualities as
Jeffrey Henderson notes in his work on obscene language in
attic comedy the verb treban was used to rub or cha sexual organs in preparation
for intercourse Mary's rubbing of the oil on
the alabas and on Jesus fits the ancient pharmacological context on the use of
sex drugs it fits it very well and it's an actual step with the ancient methods
Mary is said to have rubbed the oil onto several body body parts of Jesus
including his head and his feet now biblical Scholars may be correct in
assuming a literal translation for head and feet but it should be noted that
those two specific body parts were also frequently used in Greek as euphemisms
to connote male genitalia specifically and when the word tribo catch this this
is philology 900 and when the verb tribo accompanies muron in the context
of feat it conveys the idea of vigorous oil
lubricated masturbation and the person bringing
that to you is Jeffrey Henderson thank you Jeffrey Henderson appreciate that good work good work um yes
congratulations I like Jeffrey Henderson he's a nice guy um the ancient world may also have read explicitly sexual
references into the episode of Mary's use of the alabaster for
nus wrote a summary of the the Gospel of John in which he used explicitly sexual
terminology to represent this scene now hold on hold on here this is going to get rough right this is where we begin
to see for the first time the reality right it's hold on
challenging he he said Mary used her
sultry hair to wipe the thick body fluids off of Jesus as he burned with
lust and in fact when Pope Gregory publicly affirmed
that Mary was employing sex drugs on Jesus he indirectly acknowledged that
the church recognize the sexual nature of what she
was doing okay so now we have a context we have a
c context to what's to uh to what's going on we have a profile of Mary and
we have a cult context of what's going on I want to um I want to with the rest
of our time I'm I'm going to limit myself because uh the information that I
want to give you has to be processed and I think we're doing it best with a
shorter format like this right keeping it interesting there is one quote that I want to bring up on the screen here and
read to you um and I want you to gonna go ahead we're going to talk
about the Syrian nard you know we can talk about what it was that was in it and in the drug compound that Mary's
using and in doing so we have to turn to the pharmacological sources and the pharmacological sources are we have the
recipes for it right so um we can actually talk to you about the formula
and how it was adulterated it was extremely expensive and it it was um it
it was oftentimes adulterated or cut and sold in the marketplace for you know a
high cash value you know they're adding their baby powder to their cocaine right
um so uh yeah and so um her drug if you look at a lot of the different um Parts
a lot of the different plants that they're including within this compound
mixture um there are abortive Fati in it there are um drugs that are used against
venial disease in it which is nice um because it fits the context of of how
it's being used very beautifully um and there are references
to um the reason it's called what it's called I mean this the muron you have to
realize is so common that you can just say I'm going to a place to buy drugs and call it the muron right it's a
catchall for this larger group of drugs that's so commonly used and as dictis
tells us it's the um for example one of the opal balsamum is used as a for
chafing in on the labia labial chafing is uh uh treated with a drug and so
let's just take a look at this Source let's take a look at diores I just want you to see we only have time for this
tonight um yeah here it is I'm going to read
it it's the big quote chewy there we go thank you very much being one of the
strongest heating drugs opal balsamum has profound effects on the body body
using it to clean the vagina of young girls dedicated to the gods it heats the
area surrounding the cervix when applied with rose oil
uent it expels the fetus and Associated fluids and when rubbed in it looses it
loosens inhibitions so you can see that the
pharmacological and medical uh knowledge is so important to reconstructing our
crime scene so when we're looking at that naked boy um and we're trying to find
him why he's there and answer the question of the mystery of why Jesus is arrested with a naked boy we have to go
back to these clues that we've got to establish the context why did this
happen what's the motive what is the tool that is used in the process process right um right it's it's gorgeousness
and why are they all so drowsy during the whole Affair anyway um we will continue I I would like to introduce you
um to this great um baky and blasphemy and it's exactly what it is is blasphemy
extreme blasphemy to know the history and to know what they were doing
um is dangerous when the chemical Muse which I wrote was first reviewed by
brenmar classical review um it said this book is dangerous this book is dangerous it
shouldn't be read on college campuses you know and there's a reason
there's a reason refute the evidence right say no the evidence isn't there
Daryl Bach didn't told me I was wasting my time not because I had sources and
actual history but for another reason that he wasn't
expressing and it's the same reason my um the head of my
department during my dissertation defense expressed when she
said why do you want to say that the founders of Western Civilization were
using drugs why do you want to talk about their drug
use yeah yeah if it's reality we need to talk about it and as
you can see from just dores one pharmacologist this is a reality and
there is a reason that Jesus was rested at 400 a. in a public park with a naked
boy now we'll welcome Rob I summon Rob Rob would you mind coming into the
conversation and just giving us a quick chat let's see Rob where's where's Rob bring Rob into
this Rob do you have any do you have any uh uh comment from from the gallery
comments I'm gonna I'm gonna hush up here for a minute and I'm gonna let you fill me in on all the details why don't
you give me some of the goodies what what you've got you said Professor Rook was coming
on what okay okay I'm
ready what he did didn't you see him didn't you see Professor Rock he was
there you said Professor let get me yeah I'm gonna get you one of these times and
I'm gonna bring you in in a clip yeah and put and and and frame you as you
should be framed what is the gallery what is the congregation of Satan
saying right bear with me wasn't ready I had a list but when you said uh
Professor rook's coming on I I burned it said a few words and set thing up
like but I've got a digital version so first question do you want do you want
the first question yeah please please hit me with
what you've got okay uh could you ask a question uh I've been digging into macrobius and came across a
ritual for saturnalia where devotees would make wax figures of people say
incantations to Saturn over them and then ritually destroy them in an offer
to the goddess dies is this a reference to early a
human sacrifice other the gladitor gladiatorial games a ritual sacrifice to
Saturn and what is the connection between D and Saturn and why are they
combined into the god D pain h of a question is it yeah
fantastic yeah fantastic group of questions there's a lot in there so first of all let me just say macrobius
the fact that you're reading macrobius whoever is reading the saturnalia out there fantastic that's one of our major
sources for ancient Roman religion and um it's uh it's beautifully beautifully
detailed on the statues and Human Sacrifice oh I want to say um people are
quick to jump into human sacrifice and we have to be in our area because we are
necromancers right and I have watched um so will I say that specific reference is
a reference to human sacrifice I don't know because that's me making a jump I don't think that evidence allows us to
come to that conclusion your honor right I think we have to be um is that a piece
that might build up to the bigger picture certainly certainly right and
that's what your thesis keep working on your thesis right so good good F uh
fantastic um what about the human sacrifice though I wanna I want to say and I want to add this we see this on
the ne romantic side and it's not necessarily what you would think there's
this there's this electric science that exists in this Lial
World between life and death where you
can take a freshly killed human being and you can reanimate
that human being for a short period of time and I have watched
witches do this with chemicals and with song and with ritual and with
something that that that um is gruesome
where they pry they pry open the head they and this is why you see witches on Battlefield everybody knows this right
um look at lcan if you want to see these witches they follow around the Roman army and then they mess with the bodies
right they collect whatever goodies they need right because remember human parts
are full of of chemically active um chemically active substances
right good biochemistry there so are they performing necromancy on these
bodies I've seen a witches open a mouth and grab the tongue with their mouth and
then with some kind of intonation they make they're able to vibrate the
body um The Voice excuse me of the person there it's um they're able to put
the air in the lungs and then move the air out while they're
doing this to get the dead person to speak it's really I mean come on man you
got to be serious if you're going in that deep if you're if you're in the cemetery with st cian and you've got
Purple Venom um drizzling out of your anus um you know that you've you're deep
deep deep into the cult I mean these are these are the kind of Cults that Dr Bach doesn't want to talk about right but
they're there and he can hide his head by the way of those 27 of those 27
invites to research to contribution um uh I only got one
positive and interestingly enough it was from a woman um who is a
theologian and she encouraged me to continue the research in the direction
that I was working and that it was you know it was um intriguing so um the rest were very
negative and we're saying it's funny how many people will write you back and say as they have on this site and say you
are what you're talking about when we had Dr Ruck on a few minutes ago he was
shunned for talking about mushrooms
shunned um which now doesn't seem that odd but then it was a big deal so he was
shun talking about what are you going to do if you talk about drugs the first thing people are going to do and brenmar
classical review did this they said this man obviously has a drug agenda and is
probably a drug user himself I was like are you kidding me are you kidding me um
so for those of you who are worried we are looking for that place as satanists
we are looking for that place where Bach can no longer use his reason because if
using his reason means pulling everything down around him he's
unwilling to do it right that's not faith faith allows you that space even
though it's an unreality um Rob any other questions yeah it's related to um the
last question is still Lord Snappy um can you do some perform something on
screen for us some live Magic on on the stream at some point I know you promised small part
yeah and uh we we we' like it pushed yeah we like to witness some and get get
get some Fe down knowledge think what you make that by
the way brilliant mute yourself mute yourself
yeah you would like that wouldn't you because Rob um you're an evil and wicked
generation that desires a sign you want me to it's it's not enough it's not
enough to um show you the way it's not enough to perform in decent acts on
ghosts it's not enough you want me to show you that's that's that's
perfectly um the way of Satan nicely done nicely done if you can if this is
all about reason then I should be able to prove um the magic yes I should be
able to prove the magic I should be able to to perform the sores right in front of
you right I should be able to summon a legion of
quanan who are in a position where they shouldn't be able to comprehend the
universe but they do and they see that there is a storm coming and that there
is a pedophilia behind wait a here's the trick here's the trick you wanted some
magic the trick is they're the ones promoting the
pedophilia they're the ones whose master was the arch pedophile and when I say
pedophile I mean the name pedophile the time idle that was
given to the Savior yeah yeah won't that be funny
qanon will have to figure out they themselves and that's when you realize you're in prison Rob when you ask for
the magic you reveal that you are in a prison yeah
gorgeous other questions yeah that that was Lord Snappy
asking uh we've got old boy and we're going to go to the the
language most it's from previous episodes you mentioned the vowels aren't overly important does this infer the
early forms of written Greek was or came from the abjad alphabet this would make
sense as neighboring civilizations such as the atrans seem to use more runic
style alphabet another fascinating presentation right yeah nice nice
question nice question um they're all great questions but um
yeah what about the vowels so all I can say with any sort of expertise is being a guy who reads this stuff every day for
for the last 30 years all I can tell you from my expertise is not what that original alphabet was it's nice though
that you're looking at the atrin right and asking those questions I can tell you that within the root system that is
used in ancient Greek within its root system vowels are
attunements they are an attempt to take that root concept and finally finally
tune it so that it's it's uh can be shown as distinguished there two
different concepts that are springing from the same root yeah so that's what the vowels are
there for they're there for atonement and and um that's about the best just from somebody who reads the stuff
once you understand um with the um with the Str Str route for example once you
understand where that ionian form goes you know in the different dialects in Greek they use different vowels and
different lengthenings I mean you can say it means kill or EA it means spare
or have mercy on so um The Vows are doing something
Musical that is kind of fine-tuning and I've often I've often wondered if within
the magic when they're performing the incantations and one of the best texts you can read is there's an addition of
all uh at least the ones that they found fragments incantations both in Greek and in Latin
and um in that there is something that the vowels are doing to attune and even
in the PGM you will have where the incantation will stop from any Greek that we can
translate and recognize and it will bust into not just the uh wokas magiki the
magical voices but it will burst into this vowel thing where it goes
I I you
I and then Y is the it's like a cap on the
DNA it's like a message a codon that tells you stop translating here right
this is where you cut the DNA um it's very molecular that way the vow are doing that and um they're they're
composing commands um entry commands and exit commands in within the incantation
uh freaky stuff but remember you know they're all on drugs so yeah it's hard to I guess you got to go there in in
order to understand um any other questions Rob I
mean let's take one more question I don't want I don't want to keep people forever because I'm targeting I'm
targeting you know your attention because okay you know okay well I'm gonna move on because
n Nancy had asked about the inferences through uh through the language and whether we can whether we
take it the wrong way sometimes and make the wrong inference and she she wondered about the gadfly and why isn't why isn't
it a hornet why I don't refer to it as a hornet um it was like to do with the the
references but I'm going to move on because I I want to try to get U I got
konus and he wants to know if D you think D Isis is going to come back I
like that question I do because thought it himself that yeah in a sense and he
he actually thinks is dying Isis might have already came come back in the form
of Christ is it isn't isn't that nice is
could you ask could you in order to answer that could you ask um what if
he's here already and what if that you know like
the guys at MIT are saying now it's two universes you we have two universes it's two Dimensions they're placed over each
other one is invisible to the other but they take up the same space and you can
measure the background radiation right from these giant Scopes and Antarctica
right of where these two dimensions are interacting so um is dionis already here
now if you mean is he coming back in a resurrection form if he's coming back in a resurrection form um you might be
you're now you're leaning over on the Gnostic side I'm not sure from where the from where the question which angle the
question is going do I want to see dianis back and his resurrected body um
when he comes he'll be wearing a bra right he'll be wearing that Holy golden
beautifully embroidered embroidered Galan capturing nipple
surrounding uh uh um garment yeah and he's got it on in John
it's there dianis is there in John right there's a reason people listen there's a
reason that uh uh uh Pluto AR
says that the Jews are performing bonic rights there's a reason for that um if
if this mystery has has made its way
from the Bronze Age all the way down through this thing called
Judaism right through the bakic worship by by the Greeks who spread all
the way over to the pillars of Heracles if if if we are able to follow this
right all all the way down we can we can come up with the details of why Jesus is
Calling himself a savior and why he's talking about his blood and what is that
stuff on his face that they say in the garden that is it's like
great clotted blood what is that stuff doing there um um you know we don't we
don't just want you to tell us he's got a condition he's got hosis we want to know why one of the things that I tried
to bring you tonight but didn't quite have enough time is um uh the use of the
antidotes the use of the antidotes we're really G to have to get into this is Satanist because this whole Christ
Antichrist thing is obession of physics it's a reality that you have to be able
to grasp in order to manipulate and how are they doing this very practically they're doing this with
drugs dotes and antidotes and um for those of you by the
way I I just wanted to say for those of you who are looking at
um interested in things esoteric Gnostic and you're you're doing your shopping on
YouTube Anytime you find somebody who says um they're doing Greek they won't
tell you they they um they're Greek scholar they may say there's a Greek scholar anytime they throw in something
about Greek um make sure that they've taken those steps
that guys like um Dr Carl Ruck have taken notice I didn't say Bach right
they've taken those reasoned step that reason step they're able to
say okay I'm going to look at this reference that talks about um how you
can make a young girl Priestess more pliable and more ready to receive
intercourse while protecting her from venial disease and preventing any sort
of pregnancy because we're going to drink that stuff that she produces right people don't want to go there Bach
doesn't want to go there right but this is the world we have to get to in order to get to Jesus's boy
so um uh Rob I'm sorry tonight that um
Dr Carl Ruck was not in the flesh he's only on video um I'm sorry for that but
I'm gonna be doing this more frequently I'm going to be bringing um testimonies in and you don't
have to if you if you want to have a testimony you don't have to shave your head like Rob and I do right but if
you're going I if you're going to enter into morning which is why Mary Magdalene
has the alabaster in the first place if you're going to enter into that morning for
Adonis then um you need to shave or present yourself publicly for
intercourse e either of those will do I've had people ask me what about I don't want to shave my head well there's
an option right in mour for Adonis you can go and you can enter into that
sphere right you can go to the Temple of Aphrodite right you and offer yourself
and and don't worry they will give you the drugs that will make sure oh it's the temple prostitution right it's that
alabastron that Mary is caring and nobody sees the reality because you've
been trained on fairy tales I'm G to end with that anger I'm G
to end with that anger because I don't want I don't want to keep you guys you've given me already too too much
your time Rob thank you tonight thank you tonight you thank you thanks to
Gallery thanks for the questions um we had 10 we had 10 questions to go through
so keep the questions coming and I'll do me best for get them in I will I'll try
I'll try my very best but I love the presentation I really did I was really I wasn't
watching the chat so much I was really into the presentation I loved it it was fantastic got to
say okay Rob if you want want to present because there are so many questions at
Bible study if you want to throw some of those questions out at Bible study when we meet on Wednesdays please do that or
give them to me send me the questions and I'll keep addressing these questions because your questions help me to
understand how I am doing with the material whether or not you're getting it we're all detectives we're all
figuring out what this naked kid is doing there right that's all that matters so your questions are important
um hail Satan and have a good have a good [Music]
sabat